Your project report should answer the following questions (note that some are the same as in the proposal):

1) What is the goal of your project; for example, what do you plan to make, and what should it do?

2) What are your learning goals; that is, what do you intend to achieve by working on this project?

3) What resources did you find that were useful to you?  If you found any resources you think I should add to the list on the class web page, please email them to me.

4) What were you able to get done?  Include in the report whatever evidence is appropriate to demonstrate the outcome of the project.  Consider including snippets of code with explanation; do not paste in large chunks of unexplained code.  Consider including links to relevant files.  And do include output from the program(s) you wrote.

5) Explain at least one design decision you made.  Were there several ways to do something?  Which did you choose and why?

6) You will probably want to present a few code snippets that present the most important parts of your implementation.  You should not paste in large chunks of code or put them in the Appendix.  You can provide a link to a code file, but the report should stand alone; I should not have to read your code files to understand what you did.

7) Reflect on the outcome of the project in terms of your learning goals.  Between the lower and upper bounds you identified in the proposal, where did your project end up?  Did you achieve your learning goals?

Audience: Target an external audience that wants to know what you did and why.  More specifically, think about students in future versions of SoftSys who might want to work on a related project.  Also think about people who might look at your online portfolio to see what you know, what you can do, and how well you can communicate.

 You don't have to answer the questions above in exactly that order, but the logical flow of your report should make sense.  Do not paste the questions into your final report.

 

Submission Mechanics

1) In your project report, you should already have a folder called "reports" that contains a Markdown document called "update.md".  Make a copy of "update.md" called "report.md"

2) At the top of this document, give your report a title that at least suggests the topic of the project.  The title should not contain the name of the class or the words "project" or "report".

3) List the complete names of all members of the team. 

4) Answer the questions in the Content section, above. Use typesetting features to indicate the organization of the document.  Do not include the questions as part of your document.

5) Complete your update, view it on GitHub, and copy the GitHub URL.  Then paste the URL in the submission space below.